docs: fix broken links on using workflows section (#14278)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/workflows/section-specifying-branches.md

When using the `workflow_run` event, you can specify what branches the triggering workflow must run on in order to trigger your workflow.

> The `branches` and `branches-ignore` filters accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to *escape* each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `branches` and `branches-ignore` filters accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to *escape* each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."
```
